<!-- *********************
  DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE
  It is a generated build output from Stardoc.
  Instead you must edit the .bzl file where the rules are declared,
  or possibly a markdown file next to the .bzl file
 ********************* -->

Public providers, aspects and helpers that are shipped in the built-in rules_nodejs repository.

Example of usage:

```starlark
load("@rules_nodejs//nodejs:providers.bzl", "DeclarationInfo")

my_rule = rule(
    ...
    attrs = {
        # make sure all dependencies provide TypeScript typings
        "deps": attr.label_list(providers = [DeclarationInfo]),
        ...
    }
)
```


<<<<<<< HEAD
## ExternalNpmPackageInfo
=======
## DeclarationInfo
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**USAGE**

<pre>
<<<<<<< HEAD
ExternalNpmPackageInfo(<a href="#ExternalNpmPackageInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</a>, <a href="#ExternalNpmPackageInfo-has_directories">has_directories</a>, <a href="#ExternalNpmPackageInfo-path">path</a>, <a href="#ExternalNpmPackageInfo-sources">sources</a>, <a href="#ExternalNpmPackageInfo-workspace">workspace</a>)
</pre>

Provides information about one or more external npm packages

**FIELDS**

<h4 id="ExternalNpmPackageInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</h4>

 Depset of direct source files in these external npm package(s) 
<h4 id="ExternalNpmPackageInfo-has_directories">has_directories</h4>

 True if any sources are directories 
<h4 id="ExternalNpmPackageInfo-path">path</h4>

 The local workspace path that these external npm deps should be linked at. If empty, they will be linked at the root. 
<h4 id="ExternalNpmPackageInfo-sources">sources</h4>

 Depset of direct & transitive source files in these external npm package(s) and transitive dependencies 
<h4 id="ExternalNpmPackageInfo-workspace">workspace</h4>

 The workspace name that these external npm package(s) are provided from 


## JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo
=======
DeclarationInfo(<a href="#DeclarationInfo-declarations">declarations</a>, <a href="#DeclarationInfo-transitive_declarations">transitive_declarations</a>, <a href="#DeclarationInfo-type_blocklisted_declarations">type_blocklisted_declarations</a>)
</pre>

The DeclarationInfo provider allows JS rules to communicate typing information.
TypeScript's .d.ts files are used as the interop format for describing types.
package.json files are included as well, as TypeScript needs to read the "typings" property.

Do not create DeclarationInfo instances directly, instead use the declaration_info factory function.

Note: historically this was a subset of the string-typed "typescript" provider.


**FIELDS**

<h4 id="DeclarationInfo-declarations">declarations</h4>

 A depset of typings files produced by this rule 
<h4 id="DeclarationInfo-transitive_declarations">transitive_declarations</h4>

 A depset of typings files produced by this rule and all its transitive dependencies.
This prevents needing an aspect in rules that consume the typings, which improves performance. 
<h4 id="DeclarationInfo-type_blocklisted_declarations">type_blocklisted_declarations</h4>

 A depset of .d.ts files that we should not use to infer JSCompiler types (via tsickle) 


## DirectoryFilePathInfo
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**USAGE**

<pre>
<<<<<<< HEAD
JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo(<a href="#JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</a>, <a href="#JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo-sources">sources</a>)
</pre>

JavaScript files (and sourcemaps) that are intended to be consumed by downstream tooling.

They should use modern syntax and ESModules.
These files should typically be named "foo.mjs"

Historical note: this was the typescript.es6_sources output

**FIELDS**

<h4 id="JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</h4>

 Depset of direct JavaScript files and sourcemaps 
<h4 id="JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo-sources">sources</h4>
=======
DirectoryFilePathInfo(<a href="#DirectoryFilePathInfo-directory">directory</a>, <a href="#DirectoryFilePathInfo-path">path</a>)
</pre>

Joins a label pointing to a TreeArtifact with a path nested within that directory.

**FIELDS**

<h4 id="DirectoryFilePathInfo-directory">directory</h4>

 a TreeArtifact (ctx.actions.declare_directory) 
<h4 id="DirectoryFilePathInfo-path">path</h4>

 path relative to the directory 


## JSModuleInfo

**USAGE**

<pre>
JSModuleInfo(<a href="#JSModuleInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</a>, <a href="#JSModuleInfo-sources">sources</a>)
</pre>

JavaScript files and sourcemaps.

**FIELDS**

<h4 id="JSModuleInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</h4>

 Depset of direct JavaScript files and sourcemaps 
<h4 id="JSModuleInfo-sources">sources</h4>
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

 Depset of direct and transitive JavaScript files and sourcemaps 


<<<<<<< HEAD
## JSNamedModuleInfo
=======
## LinkablePackageInfo
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**USAGE**

<pre>
<<<<<<< HEAD
JSNamedModuleInfo(<a href="#JSNamedModuleInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</a>, <a href="#JSNamedModuleInfo-sources">sources</a>)
</pre>

JavaScript files whose module name is self-contained.

For example named AMD/UMD or goog.module format.
These files can be efficiently served with the concatjs bundler.
These outputs should be named "foo.umd.js"
(note that renaming it from "foo.js" doesn't affect the module id)

Historical note: this was the typescript.es5_sources output.


**FIELDS**

<h4 id="JSNamedModuleInfo-direct_sources">direct_sources</h4>

 Depset of direct JavaScript files and sourcemaps 
<h4 id="JSNamedModuleInfo-sources">sources</h4>

 Depset of direct and transitive JavaScript files and sourcemaps 


## NodeRuntimeDepsInfo
=======
LinkablePackageInfo(<a href="#LinkablePackageInfo-files">files</a>, <a href="#LinkablePackageInfo-package_name">package_name</a>, <a href="#LinkablePackageInfo-package_path">package_path</a>, <a href="#LinkablePackageInfo-path">path</a>)
</pre>

The LinkablePackageInfo provider provides information to the linker for linking pkg_npm built packages

**FIELDS**

<h4 id="LinkablePackageInfo-files">files</h4>

 Depset of files in this package (must all be contained within path) 
<h4 id="LinkablePackageInfo-package_name">package_name</h4>

 The package name.

This field is optional. If not set, the target can be made linkable to a package_name with the npm_link rule. 
<h4 id="LinkablePackageInfo-package_path">package_path</h4>

 The directory in the workspace to link to.

If set, link the 1st party dependencies to the node_modules under the package path specified.
If unset, the default is to link to the node_modules root of the workspace. 
<h4 id="LinkablePackageInfo-path">path</h4>

 The path to link to.

Path must be relative to execroot/wksp. It can either an output dir path such as,

`bazel-out/<platform>-<build>/bin/path/to/package` or
`bazel-out/<platform>-<build>/bin/external/external_wksp>/path/to/package`

or a source file path such as,

`path/to/package` or
`external/<external_wksp>/path/to/package` 


## UserBuildSettingInfo
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**USAGE**

<pre>
UserBuildSettingInfo(<a href="#UserBuildSettingInfo-value">value</a>)
</pre>



**FIELDS**

<h4 id="UserBuildSettingInfo-value">value</h4>

 (Undocumented) 


<<<<<<< HEAD
## js_ecma_script_module_info
=======
## declaration_info
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**USAGE**

<pre>
<<<<<<< HEAD
js_ecma_script_module_info(<a href="#js_ecma_script_module_info-sources">sources</a>, <a href="#js_ecma_script_module_info-deps">deps</a>)
</pre>

Constructs a JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo including all transitive sources from JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo providers in a list of deps.

Returns a single JSEcmaScriptModuleInfo.
=======
declaration_info(<a href="#declaration_info-declarations">declarations</a>, <a href="#declaration_info-deps">deps</a>)
</pre>

Constructs a DeclarationInfo including all transitive files needed to type-check from DeclarationInfo providers in a list of deps.
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**PARAMETERS**


<<<<<<< HEAD
<h4 id="js_ecma_script_module_info-sources">sources</h4>




<h4 id="js_ecma_script_module_info-deps">deps</h4>

=======
<h4 id="declaration_info-declarations">declarations</h4>

list of typings files



<h4 id="declaration_info-deps">deps</h4>

list of labels of dependencies where we should collect their DeclarationInfo to pass transitively
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

Defaults to `[]`


<<<<<<< HEAD
## js_named_module_info
=======
## js_module_info
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**USAGE**

<pre>
<<<<<<< HEAD
js_named_module_info(<a href="#js_named_module_info-sources">sources</a>, <a href="#js_named_module_info-deps">deps</a>)
</pre>

Constructs a JSNamedModuleInfo including all transitive sources from JSNamedModuleInfo providers in a list of deps.

Returns a single JSNamedModuleInfo.
=======
js_module_info(<a href="#js_module_info-sources">sources</a>, <a href="#js_module_info-deps">deps</a>)
</pre>

Constructs a JSModuleInfo including all transitive sources from JSModuleInfo providers in a list of deps.
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

**PARAMETERS**


<<<<<<< HEAD
<h4 id="js_named_module_info-sources">sources</h4>




<h4 id="js_named_module_info-deps">deps</h4>

=======
<h4 id="js_module_info-sources">sources</h4>

direct JS files



<h4 id="js_module_info-deps">deps</h4>

other targets that provide JSModuleInfo, typically from the deps attribute
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0

Defaults to `[]`


<<<<<<< HEAD
## run_node

**USAGE**

<pre>
run_node(<a href="#run_node-ctx">ctx</a>, <a href="#run_node-inputs">inputs</a>, <a href="#run_node-arguments">arguments</a>, <a href="#run_node-executable">executable</a>, <a href="#run_node-chdir">chdir</a>, <a href="#run_node-kwargs">kwargs</a>)
</pre>

Helper to replace ctx.actions.run

This calls node programs with a node_modules directory in place


**PARAMETERS**


<h4 id="run_node-ctx">ctx</h4>

rule context from the calling rule implementation function



<h4 id="run_node-inputs">inputs</h4>

list or depset of inputs to the action



<h4 id="run_node-arguments">arguments</h4>

list or ctx.actions.Args object containing arguments to pass to the executable



<h4 id="run_node-executable">executable</h4>

stringy representation of the executable this action will run, eg eg. "my_executable" rather than ctx.executable.my_executable



<h4 id="run_node-chdir">chdir</h4>

directory we should change to be the working dir

Defaults to `None`

<h4 id="run_node-kwargs">kwargs</h4>

all other args accepted by ctx.actions.run




## node_modules_aspect

**USAGE**

<pre>
node_modules_aspect(<a href="#node_modules_aspect-name">name</a>)
</pre>



**ASPECT ATTRIBUTES**

<h4>deps</h4>

**ATTRIBUTES**

<h4 id="node_modules_aspect-name">name</h4>

(*<a href="https://bazel.build/docs/build-ref.html#name">Name</a>, {util.mandatoryString(name: "name"
doc_string: "A unique name for this target."
type: NAME
mandatory: true
)}*)
 A unique name for this target. 



=======
>>>>>>> docs: update for 5.0
